Add warning about rolling sequencer keys with disabled participants (#901)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.11/docs/canton/usermanual/security.rst

   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: ListPublicKeys
   :dedent:

> .. warning::

Author: arggh, yes

>     On domains using protocol version 3 or 4, rotating a sequencer key while a participant is disabled prevents the participant from joining the domain in the future again.
>     Make sure that sequencer keys are only rolled when no participant is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On domains using protocol version 3 or 4, rotating a sequencer key while a participant is disabled prevents that participant from rejoining the domain in the future.
    Only roll sequencer keys when no participant is disabled.
```
